1. As the customer, I want to view the status of my event with checkpoints detailing every point of progress, so that I can follow along with the status of my event 
and be able to see what has been completed. (The customer wants access to the sequences or states of their event)

2. As the Director of Marketing, I want access to the number of events and the size of events in previous years, so that I can compare previous events to the 
size and number of events covered this year. (The user wants privileges that allow them to access them numbers and sizes of events in previous years)

3. As the local event manager, I want access to the contact information of everyone involved in the event such as caterers and electricians,so that if something is
missing then I can contact the parties responsible. (The user wants privileges and access to contact information of all parties involved in the event)

4. As the customer, I want to know if canceling my event will result in a full refund or partial refund depending on the time elapsed since my request, so that I can
gauge whether or not it is worth it to cancel my event. 

5. As the customer, I want to share the details of my event with others, so that I can invite other people and share the event information with those people.

6. As the customer, I want to be able to create an event of any size and schedule it in advance on the application, so that my event is registered and the date 
is set for a specific day.

7. As the customer, I want to select the location that the event will be held at, so that the company can contact nearby organizations for catering and services.

8. As the regional event manager, I want to be able to contact the customer to discuss the details of the event, so that I get a good understanding of the services 
that they want me to provide for the event.

9. As the Director of Marketing, I want access to the costs of every event in previous years, so that I can compare the costs of previous events to the costs of 
the events being held this year.

10. As the customer, I want to be able to change the date of my event in case the day I chose becomes inconvenient, so that the event can be held on a different day.

11. As a manager, I want access to the progress that the regional and local event managers have accomplished, so that I may gauge their progress and give them help 
if they are falling behind on their schedule.

12. As the manager, I want there to be multiple tiers of payment when scheduling an event, so that the customers who pay for a higher tier get more 
services such as the ability to create a larger than usual event with more services than the normal plan.

13. As the customer, I want to be able to select what food should not be allowed to be served at the event, so that people who are allergic to certain foods
can come without worry.

14. As the customer, I want to be able to rate the services that have been provided by the company, so that I may judge the services adequately and leave a review.

15. As the customer, I want to be able to make an account to hold my payment information and my event information, so that the information can be saved somewhere 
that I can view at any time.
